Clean up D-Bus API reference (#1657)
rauc/rauc: docs/reference.rst

RAUC provides a D-Bus API that allows other applications to easily communicate
with RAUC for installing new firmware.
The type strings used here follow the `GVariant syntax
<https://docs.gtk.org/glib/struct.VariantType.html#gvariant-type-strings>`_.

> For nested dictionaries (e.g. ``a{sa{ss}``), the "path elements" are delimited

Author: That would be a an array of string-dict tuples. A closing `}` is missing, though.
```suggestion
For nested dictionaries (e.g. ``a{sa{ss}}``), the "path elements" are delimited
```

> For nested dictionaries (e.g. ``a{sa{ss}``), the "path elements" are delimited

Author: ```suggestion
For nested dictionaries (e.g. ``a{sv}`` where the variant contains another ``a{sv}``), the "path elements" are delimited
```

This method call is non-blocking.
After completion, the :ref:`"Completed" <gdbus-signal-de-pengutronix-rauc-Installer.Completed>` signal will be emitted.

> *source* in s:

Author: Hmm, the name is first in the introspection format as well. Especially for the dictionaries, name-first seems more useful to me. Perhaps `*source input s`?

> *source* in s:

Reviewer: Name first might be fine if the type and the direction are clearly visible as such.

Some references of D-Bus API documentation are:

https://networkmanager.dev/docs/api/latest/gdbus-org.freedesktop.NetworkManager.Settings.html
https://www.freedesktop.org/software/polkit/docs/latest/eggdbus-interface-org.freedesktop.PolicyKit1.Authority.html

which I find way clearer with regard to the 'type' and 'direction'.

One can also generate the documentation, but that would require adding all the information in the introspection file, first:

    gdbus-codegen --generate-rst out.rst src/de.pengutronix.rauc.Installer.xml

> *source* in s:

Author: I've updated the PR: https://rauc--1657.org.readthedocs.build/en/1657/reference.html#d-bus-api
